# 30 Day JavaScript Challenge
### Daily challenges with vanilla javascript

### Day 1 - Drumkit
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/drumkit/

### Day 2 - CSS / JS Clock
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/css_js_clock/

### Day 3 - Update CSS variables with JS
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Update_css_with_JS/

### Day 4 - Array Cardio (1)
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Array_Cardio_1/

### Day 5 - Flex Panel Image Gallery
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Flex_Panels_Galery/

### Day 6 - Ajax Type Ahead
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Type-Ahead/

### Day 7 - Array Cardio (2)
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Array_Cardio_2/

### Day 8 - Fun with HTML5 Canvas
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/HTML5_Canvas/

### Day 9 - Dev Tool Tricks
no site available.

### Day 10 - Hold shift to check multiple checkboxes
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Multiple_Checkboxes/

### Day 11 - Custom Video Player
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Custom_Video_Player/

### Day 12 - Key Sequence Detection
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Key_Sequence/

### Day 13 - slide in on scroll
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Slide_on_Scroll/

### Day 14 - Reference VS Copy
no site available.

### Day 15 - LocalStorage & Event Delegation
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/LocalStorage_EventDelegation/

### Day 16 - Mouse Move Shadow
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Mouse_Move_Shadow/

### Day 17 - Sorting Band Names without Articles
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Sort_Without_Article/

### Day 18 - Tally String Times with reduce
http://127.0.0.1:5500/Total_With_Reduce/ (requires running local server)

### Day 19 - Unreal Webcam fun
http://127.0.0.1:5500/Webcam_Fun/ (requires running local server)

### Day 20 - Native Speech Recognition
http://127.0.0.1:5500/Speech_Detection/ (requires running local server)

### Day 21 - Geolocation based speedometer and compass
https://192.168.1.81:3000/index.html (requires running local server and simulator on Xtools)

### Day 22 - Follow Along Links Highlight
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Follow_Along_Link/

### Day 23 - Speech Synthesis
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Speech_Detection/

### Day 24 - Sticky Navbar
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Sticky_Navbar/

### Day 25 - Event Capture, Propogation, Bubblinge and Once
no site available

### Day 26 - Stripe Type Dropdown
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Strip_menu/

### Day 27 - Click and Drag to Scroll
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Click_and_Drag/

### Day 28 - Video Speed Controller UI
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Video_Speed_Controller/

### Day 29 - Countdown Clock
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Countdown_timer/

### Day 30 - Whack-A-Mole Game
https://danmalmx.github.io/30_day_JavaScript_challenge/Whack_A_Mole/
